Also talking about making a black card,
This is something that has nothing to do with anything,
It's a symbol of the ghost's identity,
Been there with me,
It’s so expensive to pay privately in the street,
They were all given to him to save the New Year.
Are you alone?
How could there be no black card made?
It’s cheap, who can steal it?
I heard that making black cards is by invitation only.
The whole country pays two, a pure ghost like Shengli,
How could you be inviting people to make costumes?
You are wrong at first glance, save the New Year,
But the love of a party,
The male county is fair and can’t be seen
Don't judge people with your hands
I stole it
Male Jun is a lady in his own way
The card body of this black card is negative
Has a holder
Do you dare
Take it with you to see how sexy you are
This card is negative.
I hope it’s for everyone to see
Aren't you going to do more shows? It's so sexy.
Miss, what are you doing?
Then please ask the boy to show us the card.
What do you think of your unresolved state of mind?
Afraid of going downstairs
I knew it wasn't hers yet
So you are sick?
make her kneel down
Sister-in-law Bai, I'm sorry.
Offended our sister-in-law Bai
Her father-in-law’s fingers
It is not difficult to guess that the attached
Here is possession
She didn't attach it
The boy guessed his wife
I won't be alive right now
How can you guess Mrs.
I don’t know if I’m afraid of this condition, but I guess Mrs.
You are so hot, guess not?
future madam guessing
Don't change
the tone that often arrives